Add FAQ for mixed routing properties (#1896)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions.mdx

`npm install` may fail if:

- `npm` is not installed (retrieve it from [here](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm))
- Your internet connection is unavailable
- The Runtime that is defined in your configuration is not published to the npm registry

Please double-check that the name and version of the Runtime you are requesting is correct.

## Mixed Routing Properties

If you have [`rewrites`](/docs/configuration#project/rewrites), [`redirects`](/docs/configuration#project/redirects), [`headers`](/docs/configuration#project/headers), [`cleanUrls`](/docs/configuration#project/cleanurls) or [`trailingSlash`](/docs/configuration#project/trailingslash) defined in your [configuration](/docs/configuration) file, then [`routes`](/docs/configuration#project/routes) cannot be defined.

> This is a necessary limitation because `routes` is a lower primitave that contains all of the other types. Therefore, it cannot be merged safely with the new properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a necessary limitation because `routes` is a lower-level primitive that contains all of the other types. Therefore, it cannot be merged safely with the new properties.
```

> See [Advanced Routing](/docs/configuration#routes/advanced) for examples of `routes` compared to the new properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [Advanced Routing](/docs/configuration#routes/advanced) section for examples of `routes` compared to the new properties.
```
